Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Previously...
Ye quite well. John?
I have had carnal knowledge
of your wife.
I'll no' say I dinna
mind this. because I do.
But nothing in this world
can take you from me
or me from you.
But General Rolàn!
I promise. I shall keep him
here with me
for as long as
I wear this uniform.
He passed overnight.
By the next morning.
he'd already been buried.
Thank Christ.
- Monsieur Beauchamp.
- He's my stepbrother.
Or was.
Do you know a British
captain named Richardson?
He's sending your son
to a gang of Hessians.
Why are you helping me?
She had a dream about you.
When your hair is like snow.
you will have wisdom
beyond time.
War is coming
to the backcountry.
There'll be a battle
in about a year's time
at a place
called Kings Mountain.
And that
James Fraser dies in it.
Benjamin Cleveland.
There's a Tory on your land
named Cunningham.
Cleveland- then you are
the James Fraser in the book.
♪ Sing me a song ♪
♪ Of a lass that is gone ♪
♪ Say. could that lass ♪
♪ Be I? ♪
♪ Merry of soul ♪
♪ She sailed on a day ♪
♪ Over the sea ♪
♪ To Skye ♪
♪ Billow and breeze ♪
♪ Islands and seas ♪
♪ Mountains of rain ♪
♪ And sun ♪
♪ All that was good ♪
♪ All that was fair ♪
♪ All that was me ♪
♪ Is gone ♪
♪ Sing me a song ♪
♪ Of a lass that is gone ♪
♪ Say. could that lass ♪
♪ Be I? ♪
♪ Merry of soul ♪
♪ She sailed on a day ♪
♪ Over ♪
♪ The sea ♪
♪ To Skye ♪
Mrs. Abbott had
a comb like this.
but she never let us touch it.
Fanny.
would you like to have it?
Have it?
Yes. to bring home.
To have all for yourself.
Mrs. MacKenzie.
I have your post.
You think about it
while I go get the post.
That's very pretty.
Yes. sir.
Though it looks a bit
out of place in these parts.
As do you.
You're a pretty one too.
How would you like to keep me
company on my travels?
I shouldn't like that at all.
Oh. come now.
You seem like quite
the adventuress.
And you are
a toad-faced foot licker.
Fanny?
Were those men bothering you?
They're officers.
How can you tell?
The way they
carry themselves.
Things they said to me.
the officers at--
at the brothel
used to speak
in the same manner.
thinking they can do
as they please.
have anyone they want.
Let me go
have a word with them.
No. Let's just go.
Please.
This one's for you.
It's from your former husband.
What does he want with you?
Actually. he wants Brianna.
Apparently. he's in Savannah.
and William's with him.
He's invited her to come
and paint a portrait
of his nephew's wife and son.
Well. I'll go see
if she would like to go.
No. you won't.
Would you care
to rephrase that?
No.
This doesn't involve you.
I dinna mean to be involved.
I dinna mean for you to be
involved with John Grey at all.
but. uh. it's a wee bit late
for that.
You know what happened.
You know why it happened.
I-I-I do ken what happened.
He laid you down on the floor.
spread your legs.
and swived ye.
You think I ever hear
that man's name
and no' think of it?
Gonadh air a chlachan!
I thought we were
done with that.
Did I once tell you
I'm a jealous man?
You did. and I--
And did I tell you
I begrudged every hour
you spent in another man's bed?
- You did.
-  I meant it.
I still mean it.
But you'll do
as you damn please.
God knows you always do.
But don't pretend ye dinna ken
what I feel about it.
You can't avoid John forever.
If William's involved
with him. then so are you.
Damn William.
Pigheaded Scot.
What has William done?
William hasn't done anything.
Then why is
Mr. Fraser so angry?
He's Scottish.
which means he's stubborn.
But it doesn't have
anything to do with William.
You probably
shouldn't have told him.
Told him what?
I know what "swived" means.
Men don't like
to share a woman.
I really like you
and Mr. Fraser.
You've been good to me.
It's a shame I'll have to go.
Why on Earth
would you have to go?
William asked
Mr. Fraser to take care of me.
If he's angry at William.
he won't want to do
what William asked.
And then I'll have to
go back to Mrs. Abbott.
I'll have to work.
You'll never have
to go back there.
We took you in
because we wanted you.
No. you didn't.
William made
Mr. Fraser take me.
Speaking as someone who
knows both of them rather well.
I can assure you no one
could make either of them
do anything against his will.
Mr. Fraser promised
to keep you safe.
He keeps his word. and so do I.
Ben's not dead.
That's why his body
is not in his grave.
It seems far more
likely that Ben
is buried in a grave with
that other man's name on it.
Whoever buried them might
simply have muddled the bodies.
Or Ben escaped. and they
buried another person
in his grave to hide the fact.
Why would anyone
go to the trouble?
To cover up the embarrassment
of having lost
a prominent prisoner
of high rank.
I made a few further
inquiries. but...
unfortunately. no one I spoke
with had any more information.
Likely because
it doesn't exist.
I had a tin soldier Ben gave me
when we were boys.
General Rolàn.
I gave it back to him
when he went to war.
It wasn't among his belongings.
And you think that Ben is alive
because he didn't have this
tin soldier that you gave him?
I knew you
wouldn't understand.
Uh. you've had a- a difficult
few months William.
- and I think perhaps...
- It's not about that.
You are looking
for a sense of purpose.
No. th-there is
something amiss here.
I know it.
You haven't mentioned any of
this to Lady Grey. have you?
Of course not.
Not unless I find something
substantial to tell her.
While I do not purport to give
any credence to your theory.
if Ben escaped.
as you assert.
then. he likely would have
gotten word to his commander.
Hmm?
Well. as luck would have it.
Major General Leslie
is newly assigned
to the Southern Campaign.
and General Prévost is holding
a luncheon in his honor.
I could procure an invitation
for you if you wish.
You are simply trying to
get me back out into society.
Well. how fortuitous. then.
that an opportunity
should arise in which
we both get what we want.
So John wants me
to paint a portrait.
Hmm.
Hey. why is he writing to you
and not Da?
Well. because your father and
Lord John had a falling out.
They're currently
not on speaking terms.
Whoa.
What sort of falling out?
When I thought Jamie was dead.
I married him.
What?
Well. I was about
to be arrested
as a spy for the
Continental Army. and. well.
John thought the only way
to stop that from happening
was if I was married
to a British officer.
Oh.
So why is Da mad?
Sounds like John
was protecting you.
It's not like
you slept together.
Mama!
It only happened once.
Uh- we were both drowning
in- in grief and alcohol.
I can't really explain it.
Wow.
How in the hell will
I look John in the eye
when I see him?
Wait. I don't have to
call him Da now. do I?
Do not joke about that
in front of your father.
Oh. Oh. g-- I won't.
I won't.
I apologize.
I was shutting up shop.
But if there's
something you need.
I can leave word
for Mr. Crombie.
I havena come
to make a purchase.
Oh. then how can I
help you. Mr. Fraser?
My daughter tells me that two
men came to visit you today.
Officers. it seems.
Yes.
I was visited by two
of my son's comrades.
They're Conventioners
waiting to be exchanged.
They took the opportunity
to return
some of my son's belongings.
Fraser's Ridge is a long way
from any army. Captain.
That's why I like it.
It's what you claim
to like about it too.
Indeed.
Very generous of them. then.
to travel so far
for a social call.
Yes.
It was.
I can only hope I properly
conveyed my gratitude.
I ken we dinna see eye to eye
in terms of politics.
And I'm no' in favor
of holding a man's opinions
against him. I- I will not
tolerate any actions
that will threaten the Ridge
or its settlers.
I can assure you
that those men
meant no one any harm.
I dinna ken what was said.
but one of them spoke
with Frances.
a young lassie in my charge.
greatly upset her.
I apologize for their behavior.
I shall have words with them
should they return.
Though I think it unlikely
you will see them again.
Very well.
Captain.
Uh. forgive my intrusion.
I-I-I was told you were out.
or I never would have...
It's fine.
Uh- uh. did you need something?
I thought this waistcoat
might go nicely
with the suit
Uncle John got for you.
You made this?
I embroidered it for Ben.
Well. you're similar in size.
I. uh--
I'd be happy for you
to get some use out of it.
Thank you.
It's the most fanciful
waistcoat I've ever owned.
It's not fanciful at all.
Every single one
of these beetles
can be found in the colonies.
And they're all the
anatomically correct
colors and shapes.
Well. I will admit that
the red eyes really were
a touch of fancy on my part.
I- I just thought
the pattern required more red
than a single ladybird beetle
would provide.
They're entirely appropriate.
Thank you.
Now. uh. let's see if it fits.
I- if you don't mind. of course.
Oh. yes.
Just right.
Why beetles?
I know it's likely
a disappointment
to your family. but...
my father is not of nobility.
He's a naturalist.
When he can afford to be.
And when he
cannot afford to be?
He's a bookseller
in Philadelphia.
And my grandfather
is a botanist.
Hence my name. Amaranthus.
It's a plant.
Amaranthus retroflexus.
Commonly known as "pigweed."
It's a beautiful name.
And a lovely waistcoat.
No. Absolutely not.
You told Roger that Daddy's
book warns of a battle
coming to the backcountry.
We're gonna need a lot more
than just a few hunting rifles.
and Savannah is
the place to get them.
The British hold the city.
but the Continental Army
is stationed nearby.
hoping to take it back.
And where there are armies.
there are guns.
It's too dangerous.
City's under siege.
They won't allow people to just
come and go as they please.
Well. they will let in
guests of Lord John Grey.
and John included
a letter of safe passage
with his invitation.
And how are you going to pay
for these guns?
Historically. we know
the armies are short of coin.
so we were thinking some
of the Frenchman's gold.
We were almost killed for it.
We may as well use it
to protect ourselves.
If you make it into the city
and bandits don't rob you of it
all and leave you for dead.
- Jamie why don't--
-  No.
No. I willna allow it.
Jamie. don't punish
Brianna and Roger
because you're angry
about John.
Now. I don't like it. either.
but they've obviously
thought it through.
They're not going.
They don't need
your permission.
They asked for it.
did they no'?
They asked for your blessing
and your help.
They dinna need my help.
John Grey has taken care
of everything.
I could have lied. you know.
No. you couldn't.
Couldna lie to anyone.
Sassenach. let alone me.
Given his lordship had
already told me the truth--
You can't have been sure
it was the truth.
I could have told you that
he was talking out his backside
because he wanted to annoy you.
and you would have believed me.
Don't wanna hear anything
about His Lordship's backside.
Here.
Why didn't you lie then?
'Cause I promised you honesty.
If honesty turns out
to be a double-edged sword.
well. think the wounds
tend to be worth it.
Did Frank think that?
Oh. you'd have to ask him.
This is about you and me.
What do you want me to say?
That I wished I hadn't
slept with John?
Do you?
If you say no. Sassenach.
I may do something I regret.
You forgave me.
- You said so.
- I didn't.
I said I will love you forever.
and I will. but--
But you can't love someone
if you won't forgive them.
I...forgive you.
How dare you.
Buh--
first. you're angry with me
because I dinna forgive you.
and now you're outraged
at me because I did.
I didn't do anything
wrong in the first place.
- and you know it.
-  You did.
You did do it.
You think I was unfaithful
to you. and I wasn't.
Do you wanna ken
what's wrong with me?
Yes.
I swear to myself
I will put this thing
out of my head.
And mostly. I manage.
And then he sends you a letter.
and it all comes back again.
When I think of it.
and I see you.
I need to have you
then and there. but...
he is there in my head.
How do you think I can stand
to think that you and I
are sharing a bed with him
in it?
We're not.
I have never.
not for one second.
thought of anyone else but you
when I'm in your bed.
And I ought to be offended
that you think I do.
I don't.
It's only that
I'm afraid I might.
I tell you what.
You leave that...
...to me.
You think very highly
of yourself. Sassenach.
Hmm.
Do you think we've gotten that
out of our system now?
"Our"?
Our.
Aye. we have.
Did I break the skin?
You do that...
...every time you touch me.
Sassenach.
We go to bed fighting
about your third husband.
and I wake to find
you gazing at a book
written by your first.
Well. lucky for you. I'm only
in love with my second.
What are you doing?
Just thinking.
- About Frank?
- Hmm.
Maybe he intended for me
to read this book
while he was alive.
Uh. to find out
what happened to you.
that you survived Culloden.
And that the life that I
envisioned with you. dreamt of.
had been within reach.
Then he stole it from me.
Can he be that cunning?
Hold that much hate?
Do you?
Can't forgive John. and we were
only married for a few weeks.
If you were Frank.
I would hate me for...
taking your heart fully. forever.
But what if he thought
you did come back to me?
Perhaps it's punishment.
At Wentworth. I whispered
in Black Jack's ear
the date of his death.
I had read it in Frank's
research papers.
But in that moment. it was
the only weapon I had.
Because I wanted
to torture him.
You think Frank
is torturing you?
Dunno.
Maybe.
For not forgetting about you.
not letting you go.
Well. one can be tortured
with the truth
as well as a lie.
Now. what you told Black Jack
was real. Claire.
I just don't know
what's real or not anymore.
That's what's worrying me.
You know it's real.
In your heart. you know
what's written is the truth.
General Leslie.
Good afternoon.
William Ransom. sir.
your servant.
I believe you know my father.
Lord John Grey.
Oh. of course.
Pleasure to make
your acquaintance.
What a charming waistcoat.
Thank you.
My cousin embroidered it
for me.
That is my cousin
Benjamin Grey's widow.
I believe he fought under
your command. General.
It's a very great loss.
My deepest sympathies
to you and your family.
Thank you.
I recently visited
Middlebrook encampment
to pay my respects
at his grave.
He possessed such incredible
strength and spirit.
I find it very difficult
to believe he perished there.
When was the last time
you heard from him?
When he left with the
raiding party. I'm afraid.
I received one letter
after they were captured
and nothing more.
He was a fine soldier
and an even better man.
I suppose lunch is served.
I wonder if I may beg a favor
of you. my lord.
The Colonial Office
is keen to learn more
about the conditions
under which
our prisoners are being held.
As you've recently
visited Middlebrook.
perhaps you'd be willing
to speak with my adjutant
and tell him what
you witnessed there.
I would be glad to.
He spoke
with your father earlier.
His experience with prisoners
was. of course.
some time ago.
Prisoners? My father?
Lord John was the governor
of a prison in Scotland.
was he not?
Um... twenty.
perhaps twenty-five years ago.
Twenty-five years ago?
Ardsmuir. I believe
it was called.
Are you the healer?
I am.
I'm Claire. And you are?
I'm Agnes. Agnes Whitaker.
Are you hurt. Agnes?
No. it's my mother.
She's with child.
and she- she needs help.
And where is your mother now?
I'm Binta. This is Susannah.
Something's wrong.
Susannah. I'm Claire.
I'm going to help.
I've helped dozens of babies
come into the world. ma'am.
This one won't come.
I think him stuck.
What is it?
Twins.
Twins?
Are you sure?
Can you feel that?
That's the baby's head.
And the other one.
Here.
This is the baby's back
because it's head's down.
Thank you.
Drink some honey water.
It appears the babies
are caught on each other.
and one is stopping the other
one making its way through.
Now. I know this may
sound impossible.
but we're going to help you
get up and get you walking.
Sometimes a change of position
can help them move.
What the devil
are you doing here?
Lovely to see you again. John.
Am I to assume that
your presence here indicates
that you are no longer working
for the marquis?
I could still be true
to La Belle France.
Or I could not.
You wouldn't know if I was
telling you the truth
or a lie. would you?
What do you want. Perseverance?
Oh. quite a lot of things.
But principally. I'm seeking a
meeting with a Claudel Fraser.
He runs a print shop
here in town.
I have information that
might be a boon to the man.
I've written him
several letters. but...
he won't respond
to my invitation.
What makes you
think I can help?
He was born in Paris.
in a brothel.
and was taken from said brothel
by a tall.
redheaded Scotsman
named Fraser.
If I'm not mistaken.
you spent a good deal of time
in the presence of a tall.
redheaded Scotsman
named Fraser.
I believe the two of them to
be acquainted. if not related.
It's a very common surname.
I'm not asking you
to betray your friend.
All I'm asking is that you
contact this Claudel fellow
and encourage him
to meet with me.
I'm working out of a solicitor's
office here in town.
Because you helped before
with William...
I'll consider it.
In turn. I have a favor
to ask of you.
I need you to locate
Captain Richardson.
After his little trick
with the Hessians last year.
he seems to have vanished
into thin air.
Rumors abound. but he's proven
very difficult to find.
Consider it done.
I'm Aaron Whitaker.
I'm told my wife came this way?
Please.
We need to go now.
Papa. no! She needs help!
You've put all of us in danger.
Mr. Whitaker.
I'm James Fraser.
This is my wife. Claire.
She is a midwife and healer.
And your wife is
in need of one.
With respect. Mr. Fraser...
I've little trust in white men.
I'm a free man.
My wife is a free woman.
And I intend to raise
our children free.
I will not risk that
for a white healer.
We mean no harm to you
and your family.
I willna ask where you live.
I willna tell anyone
you were here.
You have my word.
Please.
Allow my wife to help yours.
Please. Aaron!
I suppose I've lost my choice
in the matter. haven't I?
Come.
I'll fetch you
a dram of whisky.
What do you have there?
It's for you.
It's not a present.
Not like that.
I stopped by Middlebrook
after Henry's wedding
to collect what they had
of Ben's belongings.
I didn't ask you to do this.
I wanted to find out
what I could
about the circumstances
of his death.
I-I thought he might have liked
Trevor to have his uniform.
He would have.
Thank you. Uh...
...I'll put it with the rest
of his belongings.
May I see that?
Before Ben left the last time.
before the raid. he--
he asked me to give that
to the baby when he was born.
Come.
Let's take a walk.
It's lovely outside.
You know. my father says
there's a kind of finch
that learns its songs
from its parents.
If you take an egg and put it
from one nest into another
some miles away. then
the nestling will learn
the songs of its new parents.
You and your father
are quite knowledgeable.
Uh. which reminds me.
Thank you again
for the waistcoat.
It was very popular
among the upper ranks
of the British military.
I'm glad to hear it.
I regret I was unable
to expound upon it properly.
You see. my father
is but a lowly lord.
woefully uninformed
on the complexities
of our natural world.
Well. let me help you.
This is a dogbane leaf beetle.
Chrysochus auratus.
This one with the long nose
is a billbug.
It eats cattails
and young corn.
Quite a varied diet.
Mm-hmm.
Dynastes tityus.
the eastern Hercules beetle.
"Dynastes tityus"
means "Tityus the ruler."
if I'm not mistaken.
What has that to do
with Hercules?
Are they not both large
and possessed
of extraordinary strength?
I suppose. though the stories
seem hardly interchangeable.
A giant who is a vile criminal
and a heroic demigod.
Perhaps he simply
has two sides to him.
Is he known to be contrary.
this fellow?
As for the beetle.
I couldn't say.
But you are. aren't you?
Me?
How do you mean?
I mean. you don't
intend to live your life
in order to please
other people's expectations.
Do you?
No.
I suppose not.
All right. Susannah.
That's it.
Push! That's it.
Push!
One more. one more.
Well done.
You have a boy. Susannah.
A boy!
Thank you.
-  Thank you.
I'm just going to feel.
Let me take the baby.
Susannah. this next baby
is upside down.
You can do this.
- No.
- Yes.
Yes. you can.
All right. on my count.
you're going to push.
All right?
Three. two. one.
and push.
Keep pushing!
-  That's it!
- I can't!
Keep pushing. Susannah.
I have the feet.
I'm going to help you.
Come on. You must push.
There you go.
All right.
Come on. Come on.
Well done. Susannah.
What's wrong with the baby?
Let her take care
of the baby. Susannah.
Come on.
Why can't I see the baby?
- Come on.
-  Please!
Come on.
Claire.
Please. what's wrong?
What's wrong? The baby!
-  All will be well.
-  Tell me. Please.
Tell me.
What's happening? Please.
What's wrong?
Susannah.
Tell me what's happening.
Why can't I see the baby?
Please!
All will be well.
Claire. tell me
what's happening.
Please. please tell me
what's happening! Please!
Let Claire do her work.
Let me take her. Sassenach.
No. I can't.
No.
We will take care of you.
My baby...
Everyone has
a color about them.
All around them. like a cloud.
Yours is blue.
I'd lost my child.
- Thank you.
Oh. yeah.
Oh. she's beautiful.
I ken that bairn
shouldna be alive. Claire.
You didna think
you could save her.
I've seen that look
on your face before.
the moment you realize there
isna anything more you can do.
I don't have any good
explanation for how she lived.
At least not one
that makes any sense.
Then tell me one
that doesna make sense.
I felt something.
Something I've felt before.
In Paris. after Faith was born.
After she died.
I was so ill.
I was dying. and I knew it.
But in that moment.
well. I wanted to die.
Then Master Raymond came.
I was lying in the hospital.
burning with fever.
And he- he put his hands on me.
And I felt light.
A- a pale blue light.
I felt it spread outward from
my bones. washing through me.
It was as if he burned
the infection out of me
with just his hands.
But tonight...
...with the baby...
...I felt it stronger.
Like a- a blue light...
...seeped...
...from my fingers...
...into her body.
And I felt her heartbeat again.
You are a--
a brilliant healer. Claire.
I've witnessed it myself.
I've seen you bring people back
from the brink of death before.
This is different.
Did you see any--
Anything blue?
No.
But I did see you try
to save their wee bairn.
I kent you were
thinking of our Faith.
I was too.
But I. uh. didna see any light.
If Master Raymond...
was able to do that for me.
maybe that's how he was able
to bring Faith back.
Maybe that's what he
wanted forgiveness for--
for taking our daughter
from us.
Then why did he no' tell you?
Why did he no' return her
to you after?
Perhaps he couldn't.
I mean. the gendarme
were after him.
Well. then he was arrested.
and the king banished him
from France.
I canna say it's
an easy thing to understand.
It never is with you.
Sassenach.
Jamie. what color is my hair?
All the colors of the earth.
But... but here...
...all around your face...
'Tis the color of moonlight.
mo ghràidh.
So what is a cairn?
In Scotland. we- we make cairns
in memory of those we've lost.
to honor them.
I made one near here
for a man I loved very much.
my godfather.
I go there whenever I feel
the need to speak wi' him.
I know Jane is
buried far from here. but...
this cairn is hers now.
I wish I'd known her.
She would have been welcome
to live with us here.
Whenever ye're missing her.
ye can come
and place a stone on top.
Speak to her if ye like.
Let her know
ye're thinking of her.
Janey. it's Fanny.
I love you so much.
This is yer home.
And Jane's home.
Thank you. Mr. Fraser.
You stay right here.
Dinna move.
Cleveland?
What have ye done?
I caught these two smuggling
guns onto your property.
You're just in time
to help me string 'em up.
as a warning to others.
Ye'll do no such thing!
You have men arming up
right under your nose.
and you're too high-minded to
make an example out of them.
Well. I'm not.
Now. if you're not gonna help.
you can step aside.
Your eagerness
to make an example of them
has clouded your reason.
If you had any to begin with.
Ye've sent any knowledge
of their purpose
to perdition wi' them.
I know these men.
Frances.
Told you to stay back.
This one is the horrible man
from the trading post.
Oh. horrible man.
What have you got there?
I told ye once before
to let me
handle my business myself.
I willna tell ye again.
Now. kindly find yer way
to the other side
of the property line.
Do what you want.
But I'm keeping these guns.
Good day to ye. Mr. Fraser.
Where's the captain?
Well. if ye'll kindly wait
a moment. I'll take ye to him.
Mr. Fraser. to what
do I owe the pleasure?
Seems your son's friends
have returned after all.
He was smuggling two crates
of muskets onto the Ridge.
I'm sure you are mistaken.
I'm not.
It's my guess they were
on their way to see you.
Ah. Where are they now?
Buried in the woods
with bullets in their chests.
Not by my hand.
'Twas the bloodthirsty
Overmountain bugger.
He was willing to part
with their bodies
but not the muskets.
Those he took wi' him.
Oh. those poor boys.
I will have to write
to their families.
This was on one of them.
A letter from your
Uncle Eldon in Salisbury.
Ye told me you had
acquaintances there
but no kin.
"Abies fraseri.
a subspecies of balsam fir.
"which you may find
on high ridges
"throughout the backcountry.
will give you good timber
for building."
'Tis rather a dull letter.
though some words stood out.
He speaks of his arms
three times
and mentions a new recruit
to his firm.
Mr. Fraser--
See. I dinna think this letter
is about trees
any more it is about
a man's arms.
This pistol is rather light.
"Provide update
on Fraser's Ridge."
"Additional arms coming soon.
"Progress is slow
in Rowan County.
In need of new recruits."
Very impressive. Mr. Fraser.
And you are right.
That letter is not about trees.
I assume it is
from my commander.
Major Patrick Ferguson.
Yer--
yer commander?
I had indeed
intended to retire.
but God and his sovereign
had other plans for me.
Major Patrick Ferguson
has been ordered
by General Lord Cornwallis
to exploit the greatest
untapped resource
in this war--
the loyal Southerner.
He has put me in charge
of finding such men
in this stretch
of the backcountry.
Ye're raising
a Loyalist militia on my land.
I am.
You are sorely mistaken if
you think I will allow it.
You have been gone
a long time. Mr. Fraser.
You might be surprised to learn
that most of your settlers'
loyalty to their king
is stronger than that
of their landlord.
I regret that I was
dishonest with you.
but given your history
with the Rebel Army.
surely you can understand why.
Still. having got
to know you a little.
I do wonder if our politics
are as different
as you say they are.
Speak plainly. sir.
for I canna guess your meaning.
We both wish to put
this war behind us.
The quickest way
for that to happen
is to hasten
the king's victory.
You're asking me
to fight with you?
For the Crown?
If you wish
to protect your land
and all those who live on it.
if you wish to keep
Fraser's Ridge Fraser's Ridge
when this war is over...
then it is perhaps
the only choice to make.
Think about it anyway.
I told you. Fraser.
It's coming.
The pieces are
falling into place.
Just as I wrote.
each day brings you closer
to Kings Mountain
and closer to your history.
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app